README.md, before:

Newman [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/a85/Newman.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/a85/Newman) [![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/)
======

Newman is a command-line collection runner for [Postman](http://getpostman.com). It allows you to effortlessly run and test a Postman collection directly from the command-line. It is built with extensibility in mind so that you can easily integrate it with your continuous integration servers and build systems.

Newman maintains feature parity with Postman and allows you to run collections just the way they are executed inside the collection runner in Postman.

## Getting Started
Newman is built on Node.js. To run Newman, make sure you have Node.js installed. Node.js can be downloaded and installed from [here](http://nodejs.org/download/) on Linux, Windows and Mac OSX.

With that done, Newman is just one command away. 
```bash
$ npm install -g newman
```
This installs Newman from npm globally on your system allowing you to run it from anywhere.

The easiest way to run Newman is to run it with a collection. With the `-c` flag you can run any collection file lying on your file-system.
```bash
$ newman -c mycollection.json
```

The `-u` flag allows you to pass a postman collection as a URL. Your collection probably uses environment variables. To provide an accompanying set of environment variables, export them from Postman and run them with the `-e` flag.
```bash
$ newman -u https://www.getpostman.com/collections/cb208e7e64056f5294e5 -e devenvironment.json
```

## Options
Newman provides a rich set of options to customize a run. A list of options can be retrieved by running it with the `-h` flag.

```bash
$ newman -h

Options:

-h, --help                output usage information
-V, --version             output the version number
-c, --collection [file]   Specify a Postman collection as a JSON [file]
-u, --url [url]           Specify a Postman collection as a [url]
-e, --environment [file]  Specify a Postman environment as a JSON [file]
-d, --data [file]         Specify a data file to use either json or csv
-r, --responseHandler     Pick a repsonse handler to run.
-n, --number [number]     Define the number of iterations to run.
-o, --outputFile [file]   Path to file where output should be written. [file]
```

Use the `-n` option to set the number of iterations you want to run the collection for.

```bash
$ newman -c mycollection.json -n 10  # runs the collection 10 times
```

To provide a different set of data i.e. variables for each iteration you can use the `-d` to specify a `json` or `csv` file. For example, a data file such as the one shown below will run *2* iterations, with each iteration using a set of variables.
```javascript
[{
	"url": "http://127.0.0.1:5000",
	"user_id": "1",
	"id": "1",
	"token_id": "123123",
},
{
	"url": "http://dump.getpostman.com",
	"user_id": "2",
	"id": "2",
	"token_id": "899899",
}]
```

```bash
$ newman -c mycollection.json -d data.json
```

The csv file for the above set of variables would look like 
```
url, user_id, id, token_id
http://127.0.0.1:5000, 1, 1, 123123123
http://dump.getpostman.com, 2, 2, 899899
```

The results of all tests and requests can be exported into file and later imported in Postman for further analysis. Use the `-o` flag and a file name to save the runner output into a file.

```bash
$ newman -c mycollection.json -o outputfile.json
```

The `-r` flag is experimental and allows you to use a custom handler to handle requests and the accompanying response. This let's you further customize each run.

## Library
Newman has been built as a library from the ground-up so that it can be extended and put to varied uses. You can use it like so - 

```javascript
var Newman = require('newman');

// read the collectionjson file
var collectionJson = JSON5.parse(fs.readFileSync("collection.json", 'utf8'));

// define Newman options
newmanOptions = {
	envJson: JSON5.parse(fs.readFileSync("envjson.json", "utf-8")), // environment file (in parsed json format)
	dataFile: data.csv,                    // data file if required
	iterationCount: 10,                    // define the number of times the runner should run
	outputFile: "outfile.json",            // the file to export to
	responseHandler: "TestResponseHandler" // the response handler to use
}

Newman.execute(collectionJson, newmanOptions);
```

## License
Apache. See the LICENSE file for more information

Commit message:

CI tool integration and preparation for npm release - fixes #51

README.md, after:

Newman [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/a85/Newman.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/a85/Newman) [![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/)
======

Newman is a command-line collection runner for [Postman](http://getpostman.com). It allows you to effortlessly run and test a Postman collection directly from the command-line. It is built with extensibility in mind so that you can easily integrate it with your continuous integration servers and build systems.

Newman maintains feature parity with Postman and allows you to run collections just the way they are executed inside the collection runner in Postman.

## Getting Started
Newman is built on Node.js. To run Newman, make sure you have Node.js installed. Node.js can be downloaded and installed from [here](http://nodejs.org/download/) on Linux, Windows and Mac OSX.

With that done, Newman is just one command away. 
```bash
$ npm install -g newman
```
This installs Newman from npm globally on your system allowing you to run it from anywhere.

The easiest way to run Newman is to run it with a collection. With the `-c` flag you can run any collection file lying on your file-system.
```bash
$ newman -c mycollection.json
```

The `-u` flag allows you to pass a postman collection as a URL. Your collection probably uses environment variables. To provide an accompanying set of environment variables, export them from Postman and run them with the `-e` flag.
```bash
$ newman -u https://www.getpostman.com/collections/cb208e7e64056f5294e5 -e devenvironment.json
```

## Options
Newman provides a rich set of options to customize a run. A list of options can be retrieved by running it with the `-h` flag.

```bash
$ newman -h

Options:

-h, --help                output usage information
-V, --version             output the version number
-c, --collection [file]   Specify a Postman collection as a JSON [file]
-u, --url [url]           Specify a Postman collection as a [url]
-e, --environment [file]  Specify a Postman environment as a JSON [file]
-d, --data [file]         Specify a data file to use either json or csv
-s, --stopOnError         Stops the runner when a test case fails
-n, --number [number]     Define the number of iterations to run.
-o, --outputFile [file]   Path to file where output should be written. [file]
```

Use the `-n` option to set the number of iterations you want to run the collection for.

```bash
$ newman -c mycollection.json -n 10  # runs the collection 10 times
```

To provide a different set of data i.e. variables for each iteration you can use the `-d` to specify a `json` or `csv` file. For example, a data file such as the one shown below will run *2* iterations, with each iteration using a set of variables.
```javascript
[{
	"url": "http://127.0.0.1:5000",
	"user_id": "1",
	"id": "1",
	"token_id": "123123",
},
{
	"url": "http://dump.getpostman.com",
	"user_id": "2",
	"id": "2",
	"token_id": "899899",
}]
```

```bash
$ newman -c mycollection.json -d data.json
```

The csv file for the above set of variables would look like 
```
url, user_id, id, token_id
http://127.0.0.1:5000, 1, 1, 123123123
http://dump.getpostman.com, 2, 2, 899899
```

Newman, by default exits with a status code of 0 if everything runs well i.e. without any exceptions. Continuous integration tools respond to these exit codes and correspondingly pass or fail a build. You can use `-s` flag to tell Newman to halt on a test case error with a status code of 1 which can then be picked up by a CI tool or build system.

```bash
$ newman -c PostmanCollection.json -e environment.json -s

Iteration 1 of 1
200 17ms Blog posts http://127.0.0.1:5000/blog/posts
    ✔ Status code is 200
404 5ms Blog post http://127.0.0.1:5000/blog/posts/1
200 4ms New post without token http://127.0.0.1:5000/blog/posts
    ✔ Body has a message
    ✔ invalid credentials
Test case failed: Status code is 404
```

The results of all tests and requests can be exported into file and later imported in Postman for further analysis. Use the `-o` flag and a file name to save the runner output into a file.

```bash
$ newman -c mycollection.json -o outputfile.json
```

## Library
Newman has been built as a library from the ground-up so that it can be extended and put to varied uses. You can use it like so - 

```javascript
var Newman = require('newman');

// read the collectionjson file
var collectionJson = JSON5.parse(fs.readFileSync("collection.json", 'utf8'));

// define Newman options
newmanOptions = {
	envJson: JSON5.parse(fs.readFileSync("envjson.json", "utf-8")), // environment file (in parsed json format)
	dataFile: data.csv,                    // data file if required
	iterationCount: 10,                    // define the number of times the runner should run
	outputFile: "outfile.json",            // the file to export to
	responseHandler: "TestResponseHandler", // the response handler to use
	stopOnError: true
}

Newman.execute(collectionJson, newmanOptions);
```

## License
Apache. See the LICENSE file for more information
